[Oh my god]
[Apologize in the snow, record Curry!]
[Twinkle Love in Winter]
It's so beautiful here.
Just like you all,
my journey
starts here.
[Twinkle Winter Check-in Sheet]
Honestly, every fill-in-the-blank
is an open-book test on life.
Some answers are like
that perfect moment in a shot.
You don't hesitate
to write down the only answer.
And some answers
always seem hard to pin down.
Like trying to color a shadow.
But what does that matter?
You can always erase and rewrite.
[EP03 Fill-in-the-Blanks]
Do you think there's a new guest today?
Why are you all asking that?
Jason was asking just now too.
[Just curious]
[The board's been updated]
Really?
[Urumqi Romeo Miyue Guesthouse]
Inform everyone.
Let's go check it out.
What?
Let's go.
Come on.
Hello, it's the new millennium now.
[Video. Notice. DV cam]
Open the iPad
to check today's study tour schedule.
Come quick, there's a video here.
Okay.
Important notice.
[Totally stunned]
This is so retro.
Everyone, grab the DV cam
and put on your uniforms.
Let's
go to school together.
That's it?
[Still wanting more]
Oh my,
it feels like my childhood nightmare.
[In unison]
School again.
[I love school the most.]
Let's go.
Come on.
Move.
That's the bus, right?
[Balou Station]
Is it a toy?
Yo-yo.
[There are yo-yos?]
[Welcome to the Millennium era.]
[Yo-yo]
Yo-yo.
[Bubble glue]
This was my favorite.
[Virtual pet]
This one's fun.
[Bamboo-copter. Bakugan]
What's this?
I want the yo-yo seat.
Then I'll sit with you.
Okay.
[Lily sits next to Sean.]
Are you sitting on the inside?
Where do you want to sit?
Sure.
[Eon sits next to Zhaoyu Zhang.]
Wait a second.
You go first.
[Two seats left.]
I'm good with either.
Go ahead.
[Being polite]
You want me to choose?
[Both insisting]
You choose.
Come on.
A tough choice?
Why are you struggling to choose?
[Totally confused]
Hurry.
[Hurry]
[Either is fine.]
Hurry.
Either will do.
Are we two that unwanted?
[Not my problem]
Come on, stop messing around.
Hurry up.
Cut it out.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Whoever loses picks first.
[Is this a penalty?]
The loser picks first?
Rock-paper-scissors.
[Yuna wins]
Okay.
Where should I sit?
[Hesitates to speak]
[Makes room]
You sit first.
[Stares]
Go for it.
[Looks at Nora again.]
[Nora sits next to Hao Chen.]
[Everyone watches the drama.]
Then I'll sit here.
[Turns around]
So did you win or lose?
I didn't see your rock-paper-scissors.
[Looks out the window]
[Looks around]
[Plays with the toy in hand]
[Breaks the silence]
What'd you play as a kid?
Barbie doll.
And that Slap Game.
The one for reflexes.
Yeah.
No.
[Jokes first]
She'd smack from above.
[Voice cracks]
I did not.
She never even lowered it.
Let's do a rough version.
So gentle.
Okay.
[Laughs behind hand]
So funny.
Want to try it?
Sure.
[Invites Sean over]
You can react fast.
Like this.
[Ask Eon to join the game]
Both hands?
Yeah, both hands.
One.
Again. Three, two, one.
Three, two, one.
Got you.
From your
tiny little movements,
I could tell.
Come on.
Wait a sec.
Okay.
Come on, keep going.
It's all red.
They went all out.
No.
I'll use the DV
to film you guys.
[Picks up the camcorder to film.]
This one's blown up.
It's shaped like a heart.
Anyone want my little balloon?
Who'd want it anyway?
[I do.]
Who wants it? It's all drool.
I'm gonna stomp it flat.
Just a tiny bit off.
It's so cute.
I can't hold it much longer.
I'm gonna throw it.
Go ahead.
No, don't toss the whole thing.
So good.
It really looks like it.
Really?
Yeah.
What's this?
A heart.
I thought it was a liver.
Hello.
Hi.
Hey, everyone.
Hello, hello.
Wow.
Keep up with me.
I'm right behind you.
You all look so energetic.
I'm gonna cry.
This is so touching.
[Xinjiang University]
Hilarious.
[Youhao Campus of Xinjiang University]
Then I'll take the back row.
I want this seat.
[Lounge Area. Being Asked Area.
Top Student Area]
Then I'll sit here.
Excuse me.
I like the front row in class.
[Top student seat]
Then I'll sit...
on the side, I guess.
I want that one, by the window.
[They look over at once]
[Hesitates]
[Steps in first]
[Still hesitating]
Then I'll...
[Walks straight to the front row]
[Glances over]
[Sits in the front row]
Maybe the back is better.
[Sits in the corner]
There's one seat left.
[Waiting for someone]
A guy or a girl?
No idea.
I'm really curious.
About the new classmate?
[Let me take a look]
Someone's coming.
Are they here?
Who?
Can we check it out?
Let's go take a look.
[Go greet them first]
Anyone here?
No one's here.
Nobody.
Let's pretend to be the teacher.
Who's gonna play the teacher?
Who'd dare?
[Let's surprise the new classmate]
Who wants to pretend to be the teacher?
[It's you.]
You look the part.
This one.
Scare the new classmate a little.
[Intimidate]
This one looks right.
Hello, miss.
[The real teacher is here.]
Hello, class.
[Intimidated]
Hello, miss.
Hi, everyone.
Go ahead and sit down.
That was rude.
I shouldn't have taken it off.
[Glad it wasn't me.]
Hello, students.
I'm your homeroom teacher today.
[Yu Zhiling, Psychological Counselor]
[Postdoctoral Researcher
in Zhejiang University]
If you've watched earlier seasons
of Twinkle Love,
you've probably seen me
in the observation room
I'm a relationship advisor.
[Yuna]
First, I'd like to get to know you a bit.
Let's play a quick game.
I know
you're already familiar with each other.
Could you try
to use four words
to describe your partner beside you?
[Come on, my partner.]
Let's do it.
[No problem]
Okay.
[Who wants to describe me?]
Okay, who's ready?
Raise your hand and let me know.
Okay, you go ahead.
Central plains sweetie.
[Central Plains Sweetie]
[Can we be more original?]
That's a bit too expected.
Anything else?
You got one?
Yeah, I got one.
This student.
If it has to be four words,
then I'd call him
[Basketball Star]
[Yep, that's me.]
Because he really loves basketball.
And
his name is Eon.
My name is Zhaoyu Zhang.
Okay, who else wants to go?
If you're ready, raise your hand.
Okay, you go ahead.
Ms. Yu, his name is Hao Chen.
And his...
The four words
to describe him are
Millennium Prince.
[Millennium Prince]
[Hi, I'm Star.]
[Star and Prince]
[Prince facepalms.]
Because he was born in 2000.
Nice one.
This student's name is Yuna.
The phrase I'd use is
Sunshine Girl.
[Sunshine Girl]
Because she's like a little sun,
always shining on
everyone in our class.
She's warm.
Okay.
Okay, who wants to go next?
The one sitting next to me is
Nora.
The words I picked for her are
My Other Self.
Because we're really alike.
[My Other Self]
So she's another me.
That's so sweet.
I'm so touched.
Next to me is Lily.
The four words I chose for her are
Graceful Goddess.
[Graceful Goddess]
Because our goddess
always stay poised and elegant.
That really hits the feels.
I want to describe the classmate
in front of me.
His name is Jason.
The words I'd use for him are
Cheerful Handsome.
[Cheerful Handsome]
And the one behind me is Sean.
The phrase I thought of for him is
soulmate.
[Soulmate]
[This is my]
soulmate.
Soulmate.
[Soulmate]
What about me?
Hey, what about me?
[This prince is not happy.]
You're a soulmate too.
[Soulmate +1]
What about Eon?
[Soulmate +2]
He's a soulmate too.
[Just as I thought]
So many soulmates?
Looks like you're really popular.
[Jason and His Soulmates]
And today,
we've got a huge surprise.
We're introducing a new classmate.
[A new classmate for real]
A round of applause.
They're coming.
I'm so nervous.
Who is it?
I'm so curous.
There's no one, right?
Are they too nervous?
Who should go bring them out?
Are they here?
Hi, everyone.
[Hi]
Hi, everyone. I'm Jack.
Just call me Jack.
As for why I was late this time...
It was mainly because,
first, I was studying for IELTS,
and second,
my thesis proposal defense was on.
And I ended up being a bit late.
I really love sports.
[Sports I'm good at:
skiing, basketball, shooting, cycling]
And I think a big reason
is my family.
We're actually a family of athletes.
[Family of athletes]
[Look up to]
My oldest uncle
was the country's
trap shooting men's champion.
[Wow]
So that's why I love sports so much.
And this time, I brought some stickers.
[Prepared in advance:
stickers I designed]
[Stickers I designed myself]
Thank you.
Did you design all of these?
Yeah, they're super cute, right?
You're so talented.
This one really looks like you.
Which one? This one?
So cute.
Thank you.
No problem.
Where did you stick yours?
Same here.
Let me see which ones you got.
[Yuna's pick]
Mine is Diandian.
You got Diandian?
Diandian? What's Diandian?
[That's me]
This one's cute.
Thank you.
That's amazing.
[Yuna's choice]
[Matching kitty]
I like this one.
Okay, thanks, new classmate.
Then I'll sit here, okay.
Next up is literature class.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
Then class starts right away.
Okay.
[Well...]
[Stares]
[5 mins earlier]
Let's give him a welcome scare.
[Umm]
This is a little awkward.
[Is this vibe right?]
A little awkward.
It's mainly because you're new
and you came during class.
Really?
So we're all a bit reserved.
[Seriously?]
It's fine.
Forget about the class.
[Instantly well-behaved]
[Sits up straight]
Were we all like this in high school?
[Lowers voice without meaning to]
[Hello, class.]
[Hello, sir.]
[Curious]
Red beans grow in the south.
Did you see that?
[Yearning, Tang, Wang Wei]
The writing is so beautiful.
Red beans grow in the south.
How many sprigs bloom in spring?
I hope you will gather more.
For this is deepest yearning.
Hello, class.
Hello, sir.
It's an honor
to have this literature class
at Xinjiang University.
[Li Bo, professor]
[School of Chinese Language and Literature,
Nanjing Normal University]
The room gives out
the exact literary vibe.
I can honestly say
right now, I feel a twinkle
of excitement.
Because it just hit me
that in Chinese literature today,
the top award,
especially for novels.
Do you know what is it?
[Pop quiz: Top award in Chinese literature?]
The Mao Dun Literature Prize?
Right.
The Mao Dun Literature Prize.
[It's one of China's highest literary honors]
Mr. Mao Dun was from the southern land.
[to encourage outstanding novel writing.]
What else grows in the south?
Red bean.
Exactly. "Red beans grow in the south".
"How many sprigs bloom in spring?"
Do you know Crown Prince Zhaoming?
He's from the Liang Dynasty,
[Quick fact: Crown Prince Zhaoming]
the Wei and Jin period.
[eldest son of Emperor Xiao Yan.]
But what does he have to do
[He led Selections of Refined Literature.]
with red beans?
If you studied design...
[Caught off guard]
And I asked you to design
a piece on him and red bean...
[Pop quiz: His link to red bean]
[Umm]
[Plant red bean]
Plant red bean?
That answer is spot-on.
[Major saved]
[Top student's approval]
[No way, really?]
Classic design major move.
It matches the history too.
When the prince was compiling
Selections of Refined Literature,
he met a nun in Jiangyi, Wuxi,
named Huiru.
Huiru was also highly learned.
As they got along,
the prince realized that...
[Xiao Tong and Nun Huiru]
I know.
[fell for each other.]
Go on.
[But bound by custom,]
Tell us.
[they couldn't be together.]
She was a nun.
She couldn't leave religious life.
So they couldn't stay together?
She's right.
[After parting with Xiao Tong,]
Out of grief,
[Huiru died of sorrow.]
Xiao Tong planted a red bean tree
[Xiao Tong planted a tree as a memorial.]
beside her thatched hut.
But if we go through the poem again...
"Red beans grow in the south.
How many sprigs bloom in spring?"
In "Ten Thousand Quatrains
of Tang Dynasty"
complied in Song Dynasty,
there is another version.
Not "I hope you will gather more",
but "I hope you will gather no more".
[I hope you will gather no more?]
Which do you think is better?
"I hope you will gather more"
or "I hope you will gather no more."
If I were Huiru,
I would want him to gather no more.
If I were Huiru...
[Gather no more]
from her point of view,
in her time,
and with her status,
he and I would not be a good match.
So I would hope
that if we were...
kindred spirits in literature,
it should stay in that moment.
It should no go further
because our positions do not match.
It is a love doomed to fade away.
I think "gather more" works better.
[Support for "gather more"]
Each time
they gather, they can recall...
- their good old...
- I see.
Each time you gather more,
you'll think of me.
Right.
When they're in love,
when they're in that relationship,
it's "I hope you will gather more".
But I think
if it's still in relationship,
with both persuading and gathering more,
then the two of them
must be confirming their feelings.
That's still the heart aflutter stage.
Right,
if it's that heart aflutter stage,
they meet someone truly meant to be,
and they're both
in the bloom of youth...
They'd hope each other to gather more.
Exactly.
But if it reaches a heartbroken phase...
Then stop gathering.
Looks like in different stages,
"gather" means different things, right?
In Wang Wei's Collected Poems,
its original title was...
["Yearning" was first titled "To Li Guinian on the River".]
To Li Guinian...
[It was written by Wang Wei for his friend Li Guinian.]
on the River.
Does this remind you of another poem
we learned in elementary school?
[Elementary school again?]
Its title also has Li Guinian.
[Meeting Li Guinian in Jiangnan by Du Fu]
"I often saw you at Prince Qi's mansion
and heard your music at Cui Jiu's home.
This is just
when Jiangnan is at its finest,
yet I meet you again as flowers fall."
This poem by Du Fu is called
"Meeting Li Guinian in Jiangnan".
They were both written for Li Guinian.
Which one do you prefer,
this poem by Poet Sage Du Fu
[Du Fu? Wang Wei?]
or the poem
[Du Fu?]
by Poet Buddha Wang Wei?
[Du Fu or Wang Wei]
Which one?
Du Fu's.
Any reason why?
I think "Meeting" and "To"
feel pretty different.
[One word apart worlds apart]
"Meeting Li Guinian" feels natural.
Right.
"To Mr. Li" sounds too formal.
Okay, professor of etiquette.
[Winning people with manners]
No wonder when I gave you all
a traditional fist-and-palm salute,
you all laughed. Couldn't take it, huh?
What about you?
Personally, I prefer Wang Wei's.
You prefer Wang Wei's.
What about you?
I prefer Du Fu's.
Why?
They like Wang Wei's.
But you prefer Du Fu's.
Because in his poems,
Du Fu blends in his own experiences.
He does.
And his thoughts.
While Wang Wei just describes things.
[Nods silently]
Who do you prefer?
Wang Wei.
Why?
His poem is about yearning.
You just like yearning, right?
What about you?
I'm into Wang Wei too.
You like Wang Wei too? Why?
Because I'm an intuitive type.
What type are you?
[Benefactor?]
[*Homophone]
A feeling-driven person.
What's it?
The N in MBTI.
That personality test, right?
[This N isn't the benefactor.]
Right.
Okay, benefactor.
[Intuitive type]
I can't call you that.
I don't know who you helped.
What type are you?
I'm an extrovert type.
Extraverted type?
You're ENFP.
Intuitive type.
I'm an intuitive type too.
Who do you think Li Guinian likes?
I honestly think he liked neither.
Because if he liked either one,
they would not need to write poems.
You are not an intuitive type
nor an extrovert type.
You are a stubborn type.
[Stubborn]
Just kidding.
[Serious answer]
I think he preferred Wang Wei.
There is no record of Li Guinian
commenting on their poems.
But one Tang text,
called Friends Talk in Yunxi,
records that Li Guinian once,
at a banquet
of the Central Hunan Provincial Inspector
began by singing Wang Wei's Yearning.
"I hope you will gather more."
"For this is deepest yearning."
After singing, Li Guinian wept,
and died a few days later.
But what is recorded
isn't the tune he sang,
but the direction he faced.
[Thinking]
Guess which way he was singing toward.
South.
Which south?
Southeast or southwest?
Southeast.
Why southeast?
Because you're from Shanghai?
Right.
He was singing to you.
Who was from Chengdu again?
Could he be singing to your hometown?
Probably.
He really was singing toward Chengdu.
Not toward Shanghai.
What a shame.
Why is that?
[Wild guess]
He yearns for someone southwest.
The An Lushan Rebellion.
Who fled to Chengdu?
Emperor Xuanzong of Tang, Li Longji.
[Learned something new]
Let me ask about this line.
I hope you will gather more.
For this is the deepest yearning.
So what is this yearning?
The bond between kindred souls.
The grace of being truly seen.
A mutual understanding.
Yes, it is the world's
most beautiful feeling.
It's what makes us human.
At first, your heart aflutter.
Later, yearning sinks to the bone.
In the end, you're heartbroken.
But if you've never loved,
never cried, never laughed...
how do we prove we lived?
Class dismissed.
Goodbye, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Bye.
[Next: Music Class]
Next up,
let's hurry to the Music Room.
Okay.
[The music teacher is waiting.]
[Heading to the Music Room.]
I hear something.
Right?
[Today's music teacher]
[Who did they see?]
[Gina Alice, pianist]
[Too stunned to speak]
[Speechless]
[Hello]
That sounds amazing.
Hi, everyone. I'm Gina Alice.
Nice to meet you.
I'm your music teacher.
So beautiful.
You all know each other well, right?
[One new student]
I just got here today.
Really?
Yeah.
Actually, we have one more student.
[Another newcomer]
And one more guest.
A girl?
[Olivia]
[Peeks in]
Let's welcome our new student.
Hi, everyone.
Hello, Ms. Alice.
Hi, everyone. I'm Olivia.
Olivia, like bright and graceful.
Just call me Olivia.
Olivia.
This is my good friend, Zhumi.
[Zhumi]
Hi, everyone.
[Totally charmed]
She's so cute.
Oh my.
She's really got something.
Olivia is a very classic
ENFP,
"happy puppy" type.
She's super forgetful,
always leaving things behind.
I told you not to say all that
in front of beauties and handsomes.
[Oops, wrong thing to say]
[Mmm]
[Starts clapping first]
So I'm really excited for this trip.
I'm so happy to meet you all.
Last year,
I came back after graduating
from Imperial College London.
[Oh]
Before I start working,
I want to give my student days
a perfect ending.
And I hope to meet
a group of sweet, sincere people here,
and go through things together
that only youth
can bring, adventures and sparks.
So in the end,
I'm really looking forward
to starting this
wonderful, dreamy journey with you all.
You got this, Zhumi.
You got this, Olivia Zhu.
Thank you, everyone.
That was a great intro.
So, who do you want to sit by?
I'm good anywhere.
How about I give you my seat?
Come on.
[Jack takes the initiative.]
Okay, I'll sit there then.
Okay.
Come on.
Okay, thanks.
Same outfit. I got here today too.
Hi.
Hi, I'm Jack. Jack.
Hi, Jack.
Hi.
Hi, I'm Olivia.
Hi, I'm Jason.
Jason?
Yeah.
Hi.
I'm Olivia.
Eon.
Hi, Eon.
Hi, I'm Hao Chen.
Hao Chen.
I study in the UK too.
Hi.
You can call me Yuna.
It's easier to remember.
Yuna.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
I'm Zhaoyu Zhang.
Zhaoyu, got it.
You can call me Sean.
Sean, Sean.
Sean, okay. Hi.
I'm Lily.
You can call me Lily.
Lily.
I'm Nora.
You can call me Nora.
Hi, everyone.
I'm really glad to meet you all.
Today, our focus is singing together.
The song we're doing today is
Auld Lang Syne.
I'll sing the German version for you.
Applause.
[Excited]
[Auld Lang Syne German version]
Bravo.
Thank you.
This song centers on
the theme of saying goodbye.
So I think today,
let's really sing this one well.
Next, we'll rehearse in pairs.
Pair by pair.
Is there anyone you like so far?
Anyone at the moment?
[Looks at Yuna]
Who do you think you'd sound good
singing with?
Who would you click with?
[Looks at Jason]
Should we use Palm or Back of Hand?
[Random teams]
Come on.
Hurry up, come on.
Come on, go.
Here we go.
Palm or back.
The four of us got back of hand.
Why don't you choose?
[Back of Hand]
You're the new classmate.
My singing is pretty bad anyway.
And you?
It is actually okay.
Then it's you.
Let's make a beautiful melody together.
Okay.
[Teams: Hao Chen & Olivia, Jason & Lily]
Come on, spin the phone.
Then we're together.
Okay.
We're a team.
[Team: Jack & Yuna]
[Team: Eon & Zhaoyu Zhang]
What if I can't sing?
I'll help you with it.
Okay.
I sing pretty badly.
I'm counting on you.
I'm not that great either.
[Sean & Nora.
Eon & Zhaoyu]
[Jack & Yuna.
Hao Chen & Olivia. Jason & Lily]
[Winter Class Committee]
[Teaching starts]
You sing lines one and two.
Okay.
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
♪And never brought to mind?♪
[Joins in]
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
♪And days of old long past♪
Okay.
Then let's sing this verse.
Yes.
We can do it.
But we need to set the key.
Or we can just start anywhere.
If we start low, they'll sing low.
I'll sing softly. You go louder.
Okay.
♪And we will take a cup of kindness yet♪
♪For old long past♪
[Group 3 lesson]
You sing verse one and two.
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
Confident.
♪And never brought to mind?♪
[Look]
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
♪And days of old long past♪
I think you can add more feeling.
Okay, miss.
Have you heard this song?
I haven't.
Okay.
It's fine. We can do this.
We can.
Leave it to me.
[Compliment mode on]
Pretty and nice.
Alright, folk.
Let's (rehearse).
You two.
[The prince starts singing.]
[Nails it with ease]
That feels so right.
Thank you, miss.
You're a postgrad
at Imperial College London?
Yeah.
What about you?
I'm at the University of Cambridge.
[University of Cambridge]
That's amazing.
[That's amazing]
I'm a first-year Ph.D. student.
[So knowledgeable]
[So impressive]
I'm flattered.
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
[Last group lesson]
♪For old long past♪
♪For old long past, my friend♪
[Miss, how is it?]
Right.
Really?
[Looks doubtful]
Okay, let me hear it again.
♪For old long past, my friend♪
[Terrible]
♪And we will take a cup of kindness yet♪
[Help me!]
I couldn't hear your voice.
I don't know the tune.
Then just follow my lead.
This is so funny.
♪For old long past, my friend♪
[No skills, all heart]
♪And we will take a cup of kindness yet♪
Let us help you out.
We'll give you the starting note.
Okay.
Three, two, one.
♪For old long past, my friend♪
[Why did it go quiet?]
♪For old long past♪
[Quickly pulls it back]
♪And we will take a cup of kindness yet♪
♪For old long past♪
Alright.
I think I can back you up now.
What an honor.
I am so lucky.
This is amazing.
[Auld Lang Syne]
♪Should old acquaintance be forgot♪
♪And never brought to mind?♪
♪And days of old long past♪
♪We two have run about the hillsides♪
♪And pulled the wild daisies fine♪
♪But we have wandered many a weary foot♪
I'm Zhaoyu Zhang.
I'm from Zhengzhou, Henan Province.
Just call me Yuna.
Okay, Yuna.
Yeah.
I'm Hao Chen.
And I'm from Shandong.
He also has a younger brother,
Dark Hao Chen.
Bear people, hands up.
The rest are dog people?
Then what about me?
Sorry, neither puppies and kittens.
♪And we will take a cup of kindness yet♪
♪For old long past♪
We could go on tour.
We'll sing this on tour.
I just posted on Soul App.
It's good news for new users.
Make sure you check it out.
There's a nice surprise.
Okay.
That's it for class.
Bye-bye.
[Others are on break]
3, 2, 1.
There's a new message.
It says as a new transfer student,
you get one private chat on Soul App.
You can chat one-on-one for 15 mins.
Now check everyone's profiles.
Pick one interesting soul you like.
Send them a private chat invite on Soul.
Let me see.
[Their Gravity Tag]
Wow, they shot this?
Oh my gosh.
[Jason]
They've posted so many updates.
So handsome, so pretty.
[Winter Study Club]
[Their Gravity Tag]
Gentle artist.
[Checking Sean's Moment]
You sing really well too.
Me?
Right.
I...
[Their Gravity Tag]
Namiya...
[Checking Zhaoyu Zhang's Moment]
He's got that trendy vibe.
He's really handsome.
And his smile looks so good.
I haven't really seen him smile.
Her posts are really fun.
I think she's a fun person.
[Their Gravity Tag. Eon's Moment]
He says he's athletic.
It is...
He runs 5 km races.
And you're asking about 100 meters?
Lily.
[Checking Lily's Moment]
Joining any clubs later?
Not sure.
Today's classes were so fun.
I can't pick just one.
[Sends a DM invite on Soul]
[Who will get the newcomer's invite?]
[Old lunchbox. Private lunch chat]
[The person Olivia invited is...]
[Sean]
Hi.
Hi, I'm...
Sean, right?
Yeah.
Hi, I'm Olivia.
You're Olivia, right?
Hi.
Have a seat.
You sit there, right?
Then you can sit here.
Okay, you want to sit...
I'll sit here.
Then I'll sit there.
Okay.
Hi.
Did you expect me to invite you?
Probably not.
No? Okay then.
Well, I did.
Let's eat.
Which one do you want?
You pick. I'm good with anything.
Then I won't hold back. Thanks.
Can you handle spicy food?
Yeah.
You are...
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Sean.
I actually grew up in Guangzhou.
My dad is from Zhejiang Province.
But my grandma is from Guizhou Province.
So I can handle spicy food.
So you usually live in...?
Guangzhou, yeah.
I study in Hong Kong, China.
I'm a senior at CUHK.
I'm from Shanghai.
I did my undergrad in Shanghai.
I just got my master degree from the UK.
[Olivia]
So I may be a bit older than you.
I was born in September 2003.
Actually, it's because I
did an extra year of kindergarten.
[Curious]
You stayed an extra year?
My mom just felt that
starting first grade that way
would give me an edge.
So, is there one?
Maybe in first grade.
Not in second or third.
Okay.
Eat first. Go ahead.
Go on.
Did I totally blow my intro?
[Sean]
I think you were more calm
than all of us, basically.
You
introduced yourself
in front of all of us alone.
And, yeah.
Then after my introduction,
what was your first impression
of me as a person?
I think everyone felt that you were
really lovely and easygoing.
[Lovely and easygoing]
Thank you.
Even with all that pressure,
I still got such high praise.
[To be fair]
Your intro was fresh.
You know,
it was you and your little pig,
Zhumi, right?
Yeah, because my last name is Zhu.
Right.
Olivia Zhu.
[I remember]
so after coming here,
was it hard to adjust?
Starting today,
I feel like with everyone,
it all feels pretty natural.
But when I first got here,
I was nervous.
So are you still nervous now?
I'm not nervous now.
Okay.
Have something to eat.
That should help you relax.
Yeah.
It caught it, my skirt caught it.
No, it didn't.
Here.
[Hands over tissue]
Thank you.
You carry tissues with you?
Yeah, I've had a runny nose lately.
It's really cold here.
[Keep this first]
Here, take it. You may need it later.
You don't have to
be so polite.
No, I mean...
Sorry.
Okay.
What were you doing the other day?
On day one, we met and performed.
Yesterday, we split into pairs.
Yuna and I were together.
Do you think
all four girls are easygoing?
What stands out about them?
[Testing the waters]
What do you think?
If I say too much, will I get...
It's fine. Only I'll know.
I think they're all great girls.
Yuna is more...
more cheerful, like sunshine.
[Yuna: Cheerful, like sunshine]
Nora has more personality.
[Nora: Distinctive]
Zhaoyu Zhang is cheerful.
[Zhaoyu Zhang: Cheerful]
Yeah, I see.
Lily is a little more reserved.
[Lily: Reserved]
So, from the past few days together,
does anyone seem more attractive
to you?
[Any guest you feel interested in?]
It's fine. I'm just (curious).
Personally,
I'm more into
[I'm more drawn to Yuna.]
Yuna.
Because you know,
I was teamed up with her yesterday,
and we met each other first on day one.
Yeah.
Got it.
Thanks for sharing your insight.
You're welcome.
[Looks around]
[Nervously rubs hands]
[Beaming]
Hi.
Hello.
Jack.
[Lily arrives for the date.]
What's my name?
[Answers at once]
Lily.
Okay.
Right?
So was it a Soul Match
or did you invite me?
I saw your profile
[Hi, I hoped we'd meet on]
and then sent you an invite.
[the third-floor corridor.]
Your Gravity Tags.
[Their Gravity Tags]
"Planning Genius".
"Always Have Headphones".
[On the same wavelength]
Me too.
And you said you're an art student.
So which school and major?
I'm at Sichuan University,
majoring in fashion design.
I really wanted fashion design too.
Since I'm from Shanghai, Donghua...
Donghua University? It's in my list too.
But I missed it by a little.
Me too.
So you chose Jiangnan University?
Yes. Jiangnan University.
And I majored in product design.
Yeah.
You've got that trendy look.
We girls all think so.
Thank you.
I'm flattered.
[Softly praising]
You got great vibe.
Thanks.
[Trading compliments]
You're art students.
We can spot each other's vibe.
[Fashion detail]
Your outfit.
The accessories as well.
An art student.
[Starting new topic]
I saw your skiing posts.
So you really ski?
Yeah, I really like skiing.
Every winter,
I hit different ski resorts.
So do you snowboard?
[Leans closer]
Yeah.
Snowboard looks cooler.
You know.
Yeah, I saw your photos.
And among us, you're probably the one
[Keeps praising]
who's best at skiing.
Really.
A lot of people haven't learned yet,
and some only took a few lessons.
What about you?
Me too, just a few lessons.
It's fine. I'll teach you then.
I'll teach you then.
Okay.
I did a lot of planning though.
Nice.
You feel me. We're both Type J.
[One more thing in common]
Exactly.
So what do you usually do for fun?
I
like
eating
food.
So why not eat and talk?
[Finally remembered me]
Sure.
Thanks.
Let's see what we got today.
Give it a try.
I'm starving, seriously starving.
I'm really excited.
Seeing everyone...
[With glasses on]
It feels so different.
Are you wearing glasses?
I mean you.
[Flustered and rambling]
But we all thought you'd pick Yuna.
Because it felt like
the way you looked at her was different.
Really?
Because
she and I from the same place.
I feel like we'd have a lot to say.
And after seeing your profile,
I just felt
I'd really like to talk about design.
[I want to go deeper into that.]
Right.
[Holds breath]
[Watching]
Are you nervous?
I'm okay.
Really?
Maybe I'm excited, and...
[You know what I mean]
I'm the kind of person who really
likes meeting new people.
Yeah, and I really like
hanging out with everyone, yeah.
[Following]
Don't sigh. Relax a little.
Do you get anxious easily?
Honestly, maybe I do.
[One more thing in common]
I do too.
I get really anxious.
[So when you're free,
do you shop with friends?]
Rarely. I actually like shopping alone.
[I totally feel you.]
That's basically
how I am in Shanghai too,
on my own.
By yourself, right?
Right.
Actually, I really like being alone.
I didn't before,
but now I do.
Doing things on my own.
Like shopping, or...
sometimes I even like eating alone.
Isn't there that loneliness scale?
I'm not that lonely, really.
Eating alone?
Going to the movies alone?
Going to a concert alone?
I've done all that.
Me too, all of it.
Well, except the movies, maybe.
I've never done that alone.
Okay.
I really love food, and...
You never gain weight.
Same here.
We're so alike.
Seriously, so alike.
What's going on here?
[Seats facing each other in pairs]
One, two, three, four, five, six.
How many are we now?
These seats face each other.
[Hesitates]
This is really something.
[Zhaoyu Zhang]
Come on, face me.
[Directly chooses Eon]
Let's eat face-to-face.
Okay.
Let's do it.
[Actively invites Nora]
Then we can...
Come on.
This is really something.
[Discovers something]
Guys, want a drink or not?
[Ten cups of drinks appear mysteriously]
Milk tea?
Coffee, I guess.
It really is milk tea.
Really?
Seriously?
Yeah.
It really is milk tea.
Taro-flavored milk tea!
[Surprised]
It was the wish I made yesterday.
No way, really?
[Yuna's wish: Hope to drink
taro milk tea this winter]
[Magic Lamp wish granted 1/8]
I didn't expect it this fast.
[Keeps eating quietly]
This looks like those
Northeastern boxed meals, right?
Like Northeastern boxed meals.
I've never eaten
Northeastern boxed meals.
What do people eat there?
Sweet and sour pork.
Do you usually cook?
Yeah, I do.
What can you make?
Steak fried with
Master Kong Braised Beef Noodles.
What is that?
[Steak fried with
Master Kong Braised Beef Noodles]
That sounds terrifying.
I can make fried eggs with shizi.
Eggs fried with what?
Eggs fried with shizi.
How do you even eat that?
Eggs fried with shizi?
Eggs fried with...
Tomato fried with tomato.
No, tomato fried with eggs.
No, wait.
Tomato is tomato.
Shizi is the persimmon.
Shizi is the tomato.
[Two kids arguing about persimmons]
Shizi is the persimmon.
Shizi is the tomato.
[Everyone, judge this]
Is shizi the persimmon?
Or is shizi the tomato?
[Jason teammate +1]
Shizi is the persimmon.
[Nora teammate +1]
Shizi is the tomato.
Right.
[Jason teammate +2]
Foreign Shizi is the tomato.
Shizi is the tomato.
Shizi is the persimmon.
Foreign Shizi is the tomato.
[Help needed]
Then what's xihongshi?
Xihongshi is the tomato.
Then what is shizi?
Shizi is the persimmon.
[Soul question: What variety is xihongshi?]
No, what variety is xihongshi?
Doesn't it count as the shizi variety?
No way!
[#Is xihongshi really shizi?#]
Shizi is the persimmon.
Shizi is a fruit.
A fruit, right?
The yellow one.
No.
I can't win against them, okay?
There were three of them on me.
I'm really speechless with you.
After we got back yesterday,
I went to Sean and Eon again.
You guys still chatted?
The three of us just
stared around.
[Awkward]
Why stare?
What did you talk about?
I said we three all
chose the same person.
Yes.
Then only Eon didn't know
because he didn't know
what pickled fish stood for.
I felt he was always confused.
But he's really funny.
He really does have his charm.
The same goes for you.
[Same goes for you]
[Happy again]
[You too]
[Of course]
I've got strong self-worth.
Okay.
Cheers.
Dream came true.
Let's take a photo.
Can't get a good shot, backlit.
Let me see.
Not bad.
What are they doing? Taking selfies?
Taking close-ups of the cups.
[Helps focus]
Such a niche hobby.
[Photographer Hao Chen, out of focus]
[Feels like opening blind boxes every day.
And each one is a happy surprise]
Yeah.
I'm full.
That was fast.
[Sneaks a glance]
Look out the window, okay?
Why look out the window?
[Stares]
Eat more veggies.
Are you supervising my eating now?
This is so weird.
Can't you do your own thing?
Eat more veggies.
Let's see how much you can waste.
"Are you crazy?"
Let's play that hand-slapping game.
Come on.
You say, "Three, two, one, go."
Okay. Three, two, one.
You didn't say "go" yet.
I did. Three, two, one.
You have to say, "Three, two, one, go."
I didn't say "go".
Then let me slap you once.
Fine, again.
Three, two, one, go.
Go.
Three, two, one.
You...
Go.
Who plays like that?
You can't cheat.
I wasn't cheating.
You're just playing dirty.
Okay, three, two, one, go.
[Overly forceful]
Come on.
You've touched my reverse scale.
I'm done playing.
I'm done playing!
Play by yourself.
This is boring.
I'm done playing.
This game isn't fun with you.
I'm full.
[Post-meal zoning out]
[Initiates conversation]
So, what did you do in college?
College?
[Studied]
Besides that?
[Curious]
Learned some...
[Economics and finance knowledge]
[Straight up]
You had no entertainment life?
Entertainment life? Of course, I did.
I mean that kind...
Playing games.
Alright.
[Mutually boring]
I'm so sleepy.
When I got up this morning,
I couldn't even put my lenses in.
And then...
Were your eyes swollen?
No,
my eyes just hurt.
And by the end...
[Concerned]
How strong are your contacts?
550 degrees.
550 degrees with contacts?
That's a bit...
[Thick]
If I were...
No.
You're so funny.
Let me tell you a quick science fact.
Journey to Science.
"The Secret of Contact Lenses".
That only applies to framed ones.
[Today's topic: Are higher-degree
contact lenses thicker?]
Higher degrees make the lenses thicker.
But for contact lenses,
they only vary by prescription.
Okay.
The thickness stays
the same.
[Got it]
You're too funny.
Haven't you noticed...?
You've had this hairstyle for days.
Is that real?
No way.
This is a new hairstyle today.
[Let me test you.
Happy examiner: Zhaoyu Zhang]
What hairstyle did I have yesterday?
Yesterday?
[Q: What hairstyle did Zhaoyu Zhang have yesterday?
A. Twin tails. B. Twin buns. C. Single side bun. D. Single ponytail.]
Give me a hint.
I wore a star yesterday.
[I will remove one wrong answer for you]
From this angle, it looks like two buns.
[Outside help]
Stop messing around.
Come on, think carefully.
She was not like that yesterday.
She had that on the first day.
Why do I feel like...?
[Completely forgot]
Let me check your photo.
This is too funny.
Did we take a photo together yesterday?
Let me check what you posted.
So this...
[Technical term]
What's the technical term called?
I don't know.
Maybe like a side bun.
A side bun plus a star, and hair down.
[First time getting Zhaoyu Zhang]
Then this is two buns.
Like two sticking out like this.
Plus two hair clips.
[Okay]
[Looking at the photo closely]
These are way too funny.
I'm so sleepy.
So sleepy.
[Glances]
Go to sleep.
Let's both sleep.
Sleep face down.
Wake up, hurry.
Drinking milk tea makes you sleepier.
We should drink less sweet stuff.
Yeah.
Hello, you're back.
[Jack and Lily return from lunch]
Do you want to sit here?
Sure.
Closer to me.
[Olivia and Sean return too]
Isn't anyone curious
where this milk tea came from?
[Where did the milk tea come from?]
I made it for everyone myself.
Really?
Because I received this note.
It said someone's wish.
She said she wanted
to drink taro-flavored milk tea.
[Gets it instantly]
Guess whose it was.
Guess whose wish it was.
[Yours]
How did you know?
Because your reaction
to me was very strong.
Thanks.
Your wish came true.
Magic!
So sweet.
[The first wish came true]
Go on, drink up.
Take your seats, I'll sit too.
[Twinkle Love in Winter]
Hello, everyone.
Hello, teacher.
Hello, teacher!
You all seem really happy now.
Did you learn a lot in class?
After all that focused learning,
it's time for fun club activities.
So I thought,
let's have a Badminton Club.
Since that's an active one,
we should have a quiet one too.
Let's have a Sketching Club too.
How does that sound?
[Afternoon club activities:
Badminton Club, Sketching Club]
Okay.
Next up,
is there any student willing
to be the club president?
Feel free to volunteer
or nominate each other.
Will you be the club president?
[Encouraging]
For drawing?
[Raises hand right away]
Okay, come on.
Come stand up here.
And the Badminton Club, too.
Do we even need to guess?
He brought his OOTD.
[Came equipped]
[Badminton President, Sketching President]
Great, our two presidents are selected.
Next, we need members
to join these two clubs.
Who wants to join the Sketching Club?
[Expectant]
[Hinting]
[Raises hand first]
You two raised hands quickly.
Come on, over here.
[Olivia joins the Sketching Club]
[Lily joins the Sketching Club]
Okay.
We still need two more.
[Signal sent]
[Signal received]
[Quietly observing]
Do you really want to join?
Yes, teacher.
Okay, I'll give you a shot.
[Yuna joins the Sketching Club]
Thanks, teacher.
The Sketching Club needs one more.
[One spot left in Sketching Club]
This group needs one more then.
I'll go.
[Raises hand first]
Great.
Okay.
Good, formed.
Our Sketching Club is full.
As for the rest of you,
you'll join the Badminton Club.
[Club Activities: Sketching Club.
Jack, Olivia, Lily, Yuna, Sean]
[Badminton Club.
Hao Chen, Nora, Jason, Zhaoyu Zhang, Eon]
Welcome to the Sketching Club.
How about this? Everyone take a paper.
Then I'll pick a theme.
And everyone draws one thing.
Let's start with animals.
Sure.
Draw animals.
Starting with animals.
Okay.
Good.
[Focused]
This one looks really good.
That's impressive.
No need to force it.
Does the technique look familiar?
Show us your pro skills.
I'm really bad with color.
Then I'm really good at it.
Really?
Yes.
It's okay.
Just put it here.
Okay.
Good.
Feels like training camp again.
Yeah.
Teacher, can I ask something?
Is talent for painting inborn,
or can it be developed later?
Everyone has a different style.
What each person paints has charm.
Like Picasso once said,
[I spent four years painting like Raphael.]
he spent his whole life chasing
[But it takes a lifetime to paint like a child. -Picasso]
painting like a child.
[He spent his whole life chasing painting like a child. -Jack]
He spent his whole life chasing
painting like a child.
That makes sense.
[Got it]
That is so profound.
[Olivia finished first]
Teacher, I came in first.
That fast?
[After all, she learned from Jack]
Now I look so slow.
It's fine, don't be nervous.
Ours can make yours stand out.
[Lily finished]
I'm done too.
I'm a bit slow here.
It's fine.
Club president, yours is so good.
Done.
[Keeps praising]
Is this the work of a modern artist?
That's so articulate.
[Voice arrives before sight]
Did you see it?
[I really can't tell]
What is that?
That one.
[Give some emotional support]
Alright, that's it.
Around this part.
It's...
What is it?
[Is it really that hard?]
Stop it.
[A little abstract]
It's a goat.
Right.
And it's...
Grass.
[Huh?]
I could tell that was grass.
But it really looks like a rabbit.
It's fine. It's just a painting...
[Different takes]
Everyone does, yeah.
Isn't there something
about Hamlet, right?
Yeah.
I drew two.
The first is simple.
Panda.
[Instant answer]
Right, that was easy.
And the second one? This one.
It's kind of abstract.
The Great Wall?
Dragon?
Yes.
How did you guess so accurately?
[I'm confused]
Why?
Don't you think this is imposing?
[Imposing]
[Self-doubt]
Is it imposing?
[Still quite similar]
But it also looks like a dragon.
This...
Yeah, exactly.
Very similar.
Professional.
Very professional.
Two of them.
This one is a pig.
[Pig]
The one behind is a little mouse.
A puppy.
Yeah.
Do you know the exact breed?
[Dachshund?]
No.
[Poodle?]
One that can fly.
[No clue]
[Beagle]
Beagles bark with a "wer wer" sound.
Do you have one?
I probably wouldn't get a beagle.
Why?
Because it goes "wer wer".
"Wer wer"?
It goes "wer wer".
I drew this.
This is the first version.
And this is the second version.
A flamingo.
Yeah.
This looks so good.
Okay, last student.
It feels very story-driven.
Right, this is winter.
So it needs a scarf.
Little pig in winter.
Winter pig.
Snow pig.
Same as what you drew.
Great minds think alike.
Yeah.
Welcome to the Badminton Club.
Let's see what we've got.
Why is there a deck of poker cards here?
We can sit around and play cards.
Next, let's play two games.
Okay.
The first game is
[Lesson 1: Agility Training]
to use chopsticks to catch flying poker cards.
[Chopsticks, badminton, poker cards]
The rule is,
one throws, the other catches.
[Look]
Then see how many poker cards are caught
[Excited]
in one minute.
Okay.
Perfect, you can split into two teams.
[Nora and Jason Team.
Eon and Zhaoyu Team]
The club president should do one too.
[I'll go first and show you]
Come on, help me throw them.
I'll give it a try.
I'll throw one at a time.
Throw upwards.
No, get closer.
Wait a sec.
[Prop upgrade in progress]
Are you ready?
Nope.
Throw it higher.
Throw it.
Come on.
[I only need one quick move]
[Sneaky poker cards]
It's fine. Come on.
[Reloading]
It's fine. You've got 54 cards.
[Miss +1].
[Miss +2]
[Miss +3]
[Miss +4]
[Miss +5]
[Hit rate: 0]
Okay, done.
That's it. Got it?
[University of Cambridge
doesn't train athletes]
Wait, wait a sec.
[Physics hack activated]
Try one.
Clamp it, then set one here.
Still can't hold it.
Hold on, these chopsticks might...
Grab it, come on.
[Doctor Waterloo]
No, catch it.
The chopsticks don't seem to catch.
[Try the other side]
Club president, not even this works?
Club president.
Club president, how do we learn now?
[Timely save]
How about this?
We just need to touch it.
As long as we touch it.
[Rule change]
[(Final interpretation rights
belong to the doctor)]
Three, two, one.
[Kind of hard]
Can't even hit it.
Sorry.
[Getting irritated]
[Not quite as good as me]
[A little closer]
[Dodge]
[Not quite as good as me]
You dodged them all.
Still can't land a hit.
Fruit Ninja.
[Perfect dodge]
[All that for nothing. Game Over]
[Teamwork]
[Hit]
[Finally got 1 point]
Got it.
[Nora and Jason Team: 2 points]
Count it.
[Nora and Jason Team: 3 points]
[Nora and Jason Team: 4 points]
Okay, that one hit.
That hit.
[Nora and Jason Team: 5 points]
[Nora and Jason Team: 6 points]
Nice, got it.
[We're getting more in sync]
That reaction speed.
Okay, that's it.
[Nora and Jason Team: 12 points]
Come on.
Go.
[Look]
Magic.
One.
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 1 point]
I'll just toss it at you.
Just toss it at you.
[Five minutes earlier]
What if I miss?
It's okay.
[I'll just toss it at you]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 2 points]
Three.
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 3 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 4 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 5 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 6 points]
Seven.
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 7 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 8 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 9 points]
Got it.
13.
14.
[Slow on the uptake]
Why'd you toss it right to her?
[You don't get our rhythm]
You threw it straight to her.
15.
16.
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 16 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 17 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 18 points]
[Eon and Zhaoyu Team: 19 points]
19.
So good.
Zhaoyu Zhang reacts faster than I?
[Useless man]
I think it's because of Eon.
[Praise]
He throws accurately.
I think it's because of Eon.
And now,
the next game is ball juggling.
[Lesson 2: Teamwork]
You'll pair up.
Tie your hands together.
Within one minute,
[Serious]
whoever gets more wins.
[Listening]
And your hands stay tied together.
Come on, tie them up.
And then?
Then start juggling.
What's my purpose here?
You're here to make it harder for him.
Feeling the pressure?
[So stressed]
Absolutely.
My goal is to juggle two.
Two?
Ready?
Maybe.
Three, two, one, go.
[Inseparable]
[Close behind]
12, 13.
Juggling isn't...
[Immersive juggling]
[The crowd goes wild]
[Wow]
So cool.
So cool!
[So cool]
[Timing seriously]
10 seconds left. Come on.
He's so good at this.
Come on.
[Time's up]
Did you count?
I lost count, too.
I was just watching you play.
No need to count now.
[It's all about joining in]
Already no suspense at all.
Come on.
How about you hit three?
Sure.
Okay.
Come on.
We've got one minute.
Ready?
Be careful.
[Friendly reminder]
It's a bit wet here.
Then let's move over here.
Come on.
Go ahead.
Three, two, one, go.
[A rough start]
[Not funny now]
[Cheering]
You got this. I'll get it.
Then hit it straight over.
Come on.
No, don't hit my hand.
[Using both hands and feet]
Three. Come on.
[Quickly picking up on it]
Take it slow.
[Misses again]
It's okay.
[Encouragement +1]
[Wow]
[Combo x3]
Three. Nice.
That's really good.
[Amazing save]
That counts too.
It counts.
Keep it up.
[Time's up]
[Nora and Jason Team: 7 points]
Nice.
Great job.
Thanks.
Now it's the badminton match.
[Warm-up over. Match starts now]
[Ready and focused]
[Waiting for the move]
The ultimate showdown.
[Quick dodge]
[Leans in for the save]
[Wow]
Your athletic skills are maxed out.
[Diving save]
Okay, it's 1:0 now.
[Loses a point]
[Concerned]
You okay?
I'm fine. Really.
[Powering up...]
You okay?
I'm fine.
It's 2:1 now.
[Wins a point]
Eon, you're amazing.
Nice.
It's tied at 2:2 now.
Now there's just one last.
Last point, right?
Match point.
Who will take the win?
[The deciding point]
Alright, then.
They won.
[Signature celebration reappears]
Alright, then.
Beautiful.
They won.
Congrats, you two.
Congrats.
Badminton king.
Awesome.
We've still got basketball.
Come on, free throws.
Show us
your best shot.
[Excited]
Give us a quick demo.
[Swish]
That's amazing.
How about a half-court three?
You want me to?
Let's see.
See how far I can go.
[Walks off-screen]
From that far?
That far away?
[Watching closely]
That's insane.
Keep going.
Slam Dunk Master.
Just like Eon taught you.
Club president.
Club president, slow down.
I'll stop here.
Too abstract?
I guessed it.
Was it a fish?
Pretty close.
Today's club is over.
I had a great time.
So fun.
Yes.
Today's drawings were so fun.
This is the whale I drew today.
And the sun, and a whale shark.
And someone is skiing too.
Everyone felt so creative.
Yeah.
Everyone painted different seasons.
With a robot dog and a house.
It was really fun.
I want to take a photo.
Post a moment on Soul.
Then share everyone's artwork.
You can find more painting buddies
on Soul.
We can also meet
more creative friends.
Yeah.
Post it.
Yeah, it's posted.
[Yuna. Painting Masters #Twinkle Love in Winter Painter]
I'll go check later
and leave a like.
Okay.
Our Study Activity
is pretty much wrapping up.
Next up, we have a really amazing
team dinner by the snowy mountain.
Alright, let's get going.
Okay.
Thank you, teacher.
The snowy mountain...
So beautiful.
Looks so warm.
A bonfire.
So pretty.
It's a real fire.
Come on, let's go eat inside.
[Mountain Cafe Fusion Cuisine]
Let's go.
[Yeah!]
[Whoa]
How should we sit?
[How should we sit?]
What's the seating plan?
How are we sitting?
Do we leave a seat between us?
Or what?
[Stay close]
This...
Just sit wherever.
[Watching]
Then I'll sit here.
My arms are long. I can reach.
[Sits next to Nora]
Then I'll sit here.
Anywhere is fine.
[Selected]
I'll take this seat.
[Auto navigation]
[Reserved]
[I still couldn't do it tonight]
[Feels like I missed a big day]
[Yuna sits down]
[Hao Chen sits by Yuna too]
You know, it's cooling down now.
[Suddenly talking]
Today is Ant Moving Day.
Ant Moving Day?
[Moving day?]
What does that mean?
Because when I was
walking outside today,
I passed by an ant.
It got lost, probably.
[Got lost]
And then,
it might be asking another ant.
"Hey, classmate,
I'm lost."
[How do you get back home?]
Do you know what that ant said?
How do you remember me?
I'll sleep first.
[How do you remember me?]
[How do you get back home?]
[With a smile or in silence]
Was that it?
Yeah.
Hurry.
I really love this.
I really love this joke.
So cheesy.
[Everyone's sense of humor differs]
It was cheesy already.
The temperature dropped.
I'm done talking.
It can't get any cheesier.
So cute.
So what's your talent act?
[Curious]
Right.
I actually haven't shown
my guitar yet.
Let me do that.
Go ahead.
Is this a guitar?
That's so cool.
Hold on, let me warm up.
[Beep]
♪The night breeze stirs the bamboo♪
♪Moonlight stretches our shadows♪
♪Fireflies flicker and glow♪
♪Like coins dancing on the hills♪
♪The Milky Way shines above♪
♪Wind chimes sing here below♪
♪Vega shines in the distance♪
♪An ancient romantic tale♪
♪Cherry blossoms in lovers' embrace♪
♪I hear my heartbeat racing♪
♪Quietly, I'm missing you♪
♪That's our sign of love♪
Thanks.
Total flop.
Sounds great.
Really good.
It's great.
Thanks.
So you've all performed?
Yes.
Yes!
What kinds of talents?
Fire-breathing.
Fire-breathing?
Hoops jumping.
And backflips.
Yes, the fire hoop kind.
Someone's talent back then...
Wasn't it like that?
I forgot who it was.
[Pretending not to know]
But I want to learn it.
[Watching you silently]
[You're doing this on purpose]
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
[Hmph]
Can you perform it again?
[Angry...]
I practiced so hard after going back.
But I still couldn't do it.
[Wronged]
You even forgot who did it.
And you want another show? No.
Keep dreaming.
[Joke fell flat]
What's your special skill, girl?
I can make something for you.
[Wanting it]
Something you really want.
Three, two.
I want one too.
Come on.
One, two, three.
[Wow]
This one's different.
[I want one]
One, two, three.
[Wow]
They're all different.
Got it.
Put it away safely.
[Polite]
What do you want to drink?
What do you guys want to drink?
[What do you want to drink?]
I want orange juice.
[Grabbing juice]
Who wants orange juice?
I want coffee.
[Reaches out hard]
[Handing it to Yuna]
Do you want coffee?
[Pulling back]
[Pauses]
I thought Eon wanted the orange juice.
[Juice intended for Yuna]
Then I'll wait.
[Putting juice down]
[Hungry]
Let's eat.
Feels like afternoon now.
Because I'm having afternoon tea.
So elegant.
Exactly.
Right.
So right.
Drinking a bowl of spicy pepper soup
early in the morning.
[Wordplay mode on]
So right, so hot.
Come to Henan this weekend.
[Heartily]
Come on, let's cheer.
Come on.
Right.
[Let's compete in Central Plains!]
Cheers.
Let's do it.
Welcome, new classmates.
Thanks.
Wishing us a joyful journey.
A great trip.
Definitely.
Right, four against one.
[Got it]
Thanks.
[Wow]
[Wow...]
[Confirming glances]
It's...
[Wow]
What's that flavor?
Like pork floss mixed with rice.
It's kind of amazing.
Is it good?
Yeah, it's good.
[In sync]
What do you want for hotpot?
Hotpot.
Put some in.
[Okay]
Just put anything, right?
[Taking action immediately]
[Can't hide smile]
Want some, Yuna?
Yeah, I do.
Thanks.
Thanks...
[Precision feeding]
Thanks.
That's enough.
Thanks. Try some.
Do you want some?
[Still feeding]
I got it.
Let me do it.
I want baby cabbage.
Thanks.
Thanks...
It's okay.
Thanks.
Maybe I'll do it?
Or...
Okay.
I'll do it.
Let me.
[Graceful and poised]
He's so graceful.
[Elegant gentleman]
How should I stand?
It's okay. I'll help you.
[Steps in to help]
Okay.
Take a look.
[In sync]
Does this work?
[Working together]
Come on.
Got it.
Where should I put this?
Thanks.
Wow, that's a lot of stuff.
Eat more while you're growing.
You're so thin.
[I'm not... not really]
Like a family reunion.
[Relatives during Chinese New Year in Henan]
Come on. Eat more.
Eat some more.
Sure, works for me.
Are you all from Henan?
No, I'm from Shandong.
Shandong has handsome guys.
Shanghai has handsome guys, too.
[Mutual flattery]
What do you mean?
Shanghai has pretty girls, too.
Exactly.
You two,
can you describe each of us?
Your first impression.
Or a first impression.
I want to know too.
Isn't it?
I'll start with the easiest.
[Looking forward to it]
Loves...
studying German.
Loves studying German.
[Loves studying German]
Elegant.
Elegant...
[Elegant]
I just love studying German.
And she's elegant?
Loving German is elegant too.
Okay, that works.
Next.
Dimples.
[Dimples]
You really notice details.
Lively.
[Lively]
Good at playing along.
[Good at playing along]
And then...
PhD.
PhD?
PhD!
Alright, I'll be Dr. Bro then.
Introverted.
And you look like
Chen Xuedong.
[Let me take a look]
That means celeb face.
Right.
You're...
very literary.
You really went off
in literature class today.
And also,
your features are super defined, right?
[A sharply sculpted face]
Well, what I said about Chen Xuedong.
[Copying answers]
And he is
really good at basketball.
And she is
very outgoing, from my hometown.
And she guessed
my major exactly right.
And she is
really tall and slim.
Tall and slim.
Yeah.
Why is there "tall" each time?
Literal meaning.
Literally.
Okay.
And she
can play
that instrument.
And she sings really well.
Shall we play a game?
I just thought of one.
Mirror imitation.
Each person copies
the previous person's action
exactly.
And the punishment...
[Truth or Dare]
Okay.
Can we do that?
Sure.
Then I'll go first.
Okay.
[Round 1: Jack imitates]
What is this?
Put your thumb against your hand.
I think I can do it.
Like this? Is this right?
I think I can too.
Do I have some issue or what?
Okay, bring on the penalty.
Truth or Dare?
Truth.
[Jack takes the Truth challenge]
Describe your ideal type in three words.
[Q: Describe your ideal type
in three words]
[Sweet, unique, classy]
My turn. It's a hand thing too.
Like this, this part sticks out.
[Round 2: Jack and Olivia imitate]
It goes like this.
It looks like a little table.
[Failed again!]
Everyone says this joint of mine
can push sideways like this.
[Trying hard]
Is this the normal way?
Or is my way the normal one?
[Putting away tiny table]
Well, that's it. You both failed.
What?
What do you mean?
Truth or Dare, pick one.
Dare.
[Dare]
Let me think.
Go tap
the one you noticed first
upon entering.
Your first impression when seeing us.
[Dare: Tap the one you noticed first]
Should we all close our eyes?
Yeah.
Everyone, close your eyes.
Okay.
Me first.
[Jack's Dare: Tap the one noticed first]
I checked out your profile
and wanted to invite you.
At first sight?
Yeah, just first sight.
At first glance.